Get information about an atlas-mutator configuration. This command provides modes
for printing basic configuration information, searching through derived data for key terms,
as well as an interactive shell for displaying configuration details. See the following paragraphs
for more information on the modes. After the discussion of the various modes, we include some brief
explanations of the various options.

The 'print' mode displays basic level information about each country given in the
'--countries' parameter. Providing optional country arguments to the 'print' mode will filter the
output to the given countries. For example, to filter the printout to just 'AIA' and 'GROUP0', one
could supply 'print AIA GROUP0' on the command line.

The 'details' mode displays a JSON object containing all the various derived details about the given
configuration. These details include a full account of all present mutators, levels,
DynamicAtlas policies, fetchers, filters, broadcast variables, merge forgiveness policies, sub-atlases,
and input dependencies. Providing optional arguments to the 'details' mode will filter the output
using string matching, displaying only the JSON sub-objects that contain the matching string(s). For
example, to only show details relating to AIA level 9, one could supply 'details AIA 9 _level',
which will match only the AIA level 9 JSON object.

The 'interactive' mode is arguably the most useful. It launches an interactive shell that behaves
just like the details mode, except it can perform repeated queries much more quickly (since it does
not need to re-download and re-parse the configuration every time). The shell features history and
line navigation, reverse-history search, and a robust <TAB> complete that attempts to suggest
relevant keywords from the underlying configuration JSON object. 'interactive' is the suggested
usage mode for almost all use-cases of this command.

'config-info' provides options '--preloadRDD', '--allowRDD', and '--group-countries' to simulate
the effect of those atlas-mutator options with the same names. Supplying these options will change
various parts of the resulting configuration, such as whether certain levels can use an RDDFS (among
other things).

The '--countries' option specifies which countries should be considered for the configuration. This
option is crucial because it can have subtle effects on the resulting configuration, such as changes
in the country-group composition or even changes in which mutators are run (some mutators
explicitly declare or exclude countries).

'--config-resource' allows you to specify a comma separated list of resources from which to source
the configuration. These resources could be simple paths like "/foo/bar/config.json", or they could
be URLs like "https://www.config.com/config.json".

'--config-json' should specify the configuration as a JSON string. This can be done at the command
line directly or through shell file input redirection (for e.g. if your shell supports syntax
like "$(<config.json)"). '--config-json' can also be used to supply a quick override to a
configuration parameter contained in one of the config-resources, since the atlas-mutator
configuration parser prioritizes direct JSON over the contents of configuration resources.